You don't deserve the new moon
Miss Baguio, this faucet is indeed a thousand years old
But among the treasures
But it is the least valuable
On the contrary, my jade Ruyi is priceless
Miss Baguio is not only a family
Exceptional status
Powerful
Poor fool like you
Never deserve
And I choose to let you tell me what to do.
As for the gifts you gave, I also tried my best
Please also collect the soul
You also think this faucet is worthless
How is that possible?
Uncle, as long as you choose
I like it even if it's really worthless
Miss Bi Yao
This faucet is indeed the cheapest bone at the treasure
Why don't you change it?
No, I want this one.
Then open your eyes and see
Who is this faucet?